watch Hey - I was a kid one of my
favorite games with Street Fighter -
even though I didn't have a Super
Nintendo or Sega Genesis I would just go
over to either a friend or family
members house and play the shit out of
that game I remember how hard it was to
beat the last two bosses so god was hard
as fuck because all he did was cut damn
fireballs he had high and low fire black
she was annoying and then bison was hard
because he was just the bitch kept doing
that fly back and forth shit or he'd
jump in the air both of those are
charged attacks but he'd been doing them
back to back to back nigga how you gonna
do it like that you need to charge it
the game is cheating for your ass well
you as you - I love the video game so
when I found out they had a movie I had
to see that shit and even as a kid I was
disappointed in that movie and I had
some pretty fucking low standards video
games had all these characters with cool
moves like fireballs characters who
would fly through the air and teleport
but the movie had none of that shit well
I guess some bison did his little flying
move but the nigga wasn't glowing and I
guess guile did a move that kind of look
like his flash kick but when I saw it as
a kid I was like okay it's is that it
that's all he's gonna do they didn't
even save the flash cake to be the move
that finished off and bison for that he
did the fucking splits in the air kind
of shit is that
wise in the movie as an adult annoys the
shit out of me for so many reasons first
and foremost they fucked up on
everybody's nationality like the main
character in the movie who's not real or
kin which will make more sense because
they're the first to fucking street
fighters but no I'll get past that the
main character is guy who's an American
but he's played by Jean Claude Van Damme
a fucking Frenchman sacre bleu and by
song I am nothing but a nigger pig
farmer from isthmus City and Kansas
America
I enjoy Moroccan scenes such as apple
pie and having sex with my first cousin
my American education is very limited
compared to France so I am forced to
compensate like this America yes I know
some of you like oh he's not French
he's from Brussels or were the fuck he's
from the point is he's not American even
though they tattooed an American flag on
his fucking arm that still didn't get
rid of his axe
I know you like to look at yourself on
television you stick son of a bitch
so look at this or DJ he's supposed to
be from Jamaica but in the movie he's
played by Miguel fucking Nunez that's
great news general congratulations yeah
that's right he's played by Juwanna
fucking man
whether she needs you make an accent or
Bucky he was supposed to be from Brazil
and video game all of a sudden he's
American or Sagat in the video games is
a tall dude from Thailand but in the
movie he's an average sized Mexican he's
over there looking like fucking Danny
Trejo and shit or T Hawking supposed to
be a huge Aztec warrior hecha at Mexico
right but in the movie he's a skinny
white dude with the Cherokee head man
Honda is a Japanese sumo wrestler right
wrong in the movie he's from Hawaii I
think Charlie was played by a Venezuelan
I'm pretty sure a Balrog was German
they just fucked everything up hurry up
Channel yeah I want some poi I sneak in
and I'll sneak out so fast I want you to
know it's there iodine I won't get some
police braces no problem I like my dad's
breath cuz I'm from China also balrog in
the video game is a bad guy he works for
a bison but in the movie he's good and
DJ and the video games is a good guy but
in the movie he's bad all this shit
could have been cleared up by taking 10
fucking minutes to play the video game
or you could just wing it and make up
bullshit as you go along which is
apparently what they did well you as
YouTube what should you pass the miss
casting of just about every fucking
character you have to get into the plot
which is pretty fucking ridiculous
the plot is in bison gets like a bunch
of hostages and he wants 20 billion
dollars for them he wants to get the
money from the a in which is allied
nations I guess it's supposed to be like
the United Nations similar to that I
guess maybe they had that trademarked
for whatever reason he wants the money
so he could fund these super soldiers
and his idea of a super soldier are
these hulking green monsters that are
retarded now the super soldiers don't
have to be retarded but bison programs
them to be retarded a reaction to the
Frog
ah what's he receiving see for yourself
watching this movie I learned that
watching hours of stupid violent videos
makes you retarded
shut up to WorldStarHipHop calm Oh and
he's turning his enemies into his super
soldiers so they're completely
unpredictable how didn't no one in this
entire organization figure out that this
might be the dumbest idea ever
now bison before you do this I just got
one question you don't think it might be
a bad idea to give unpredictable
retarded people who hate you
super-strength you don't think there's a
slight chance that might backfire why
don't we give one of your loyal soldiers
super-strength I think that might be a
slightly better but still incredibly
stupid idea I'm in bison you stupid
bitch I made motherfuckers lose millions
in the arcade there's no possible way
this could backfire oh shit he's
attacking my men I wish someone would
have pointed out how stupid that idea
was also for a movie called Street
Fighter there are way too many gunfights
and not even good ones like bison has
hundreds of these soldiers who walk
around with fully automatic weapons
apparently none of them has ever shot a
gun in their fucking life because
there'll be 50 fucking soldiers trying
to take out one guile and he's not even
hiding behind anything but they can't
hit him once how did you get this job
did you know somebody and have seemingly
unlimited bullets but guile was able to
take out just about all of them with a
fucking handgun then while all these
bullets are flying everywhere this nigga
honda decides that he wants to rustle
all of a sudden I guess isn't that as
dangerous as it would be if then Bisons
henchmen weren't terrible but still it's
like a poorly timed fight your henchmen
fucking suck they're all terrible do not
suck I gave them guns filled with blanks
I figured that would help them build
character plus I'm an equal opportunity
employer
these five of my gunmen are blind
youtube do you know the best way to turn
a tournament fighting video game into a
movie turning it into a tournament
fighting movie do you know how hard you
have to try to fuck betta they got
characters from the video game who don't
even fight like dolphin he's in there
he's a doctor who looks nothing like the
video game character he doesn't stretch
or fight at all well I guess he kind of
fights he hit the dude with the toaster
or something and at the end of the movie
his hair is burnt off and he decides to
kill himself but that's not the same
thing all that extra shit they added was
unnecessary and stupid they should have
just made it a tournament fighter which
is what they did with the Mortal Kombat
movie which is probably terrible to me
now but I liked it as a kid unlike this
movie which is bad to me now but I still
didn't like it as a kid